Update all hardhat plugin pages (#412)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/hardhat/hardhat-zksync-verify.md

This plugin is used to verify contracts on the zkSync Era network.

::: warning

> - Contracts must be compiled using the official `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync-solc` plugin. 

Reviewer: Can you just say Hardhat in these warnings instead of specifying?

Author: I think it should remain specified. No specific reason though.

Reviewer: If you are talking about a bunch of plugins, you have to either state all their names, or be general about them. As you have put this warning in the getting started, you should definitely be more generalized about it. This avoids text going out of date if plugins are added or removed.

import "@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync-verify";
```

Add the `verifyURL` property to the zkSync Era network in the `hardhat.config.ts` file as shown below:

```typescript
networks: {
    goerli: {
      url: "https://goerli.infura.io/v3/<API_KEY>" // The Ethereum Web3 RPC URL (optional).
    },
    zkTestnet: {
      url: "https://testnet.era.zksync.dev", // The testnet RPC URL of zkSync Era network.
      ethNetwork: "goerli", // The Ethereum Web3 RPC URL, or the identifier of the network (e.g. `mainnet` or `goerli`)
      zksync: true,
      // Verification endpoint for Goerli
      verifyURL: 'https://zksync2-testnet-explorer.zksync.dev/contract_verification'
    }
},
// defaultNetwork: "zkTestnet", // optional (if not set, use '--network zkTestnet')
```

Additional network properties:

- `zkTestnet` is an arbitrary zkSync Era network name. You can select this as the default network using the `defaultNetwork` property.
- `url` is a field with the URL of the zkSync Era node in case of the zkSync Era network (with `zksync` flag set to `true`), or the URL of the Ethereum node. This field is required for all zkSync Era and Ethereum networks used by this plugin.

> - `ethNetwork` is a field with the URL of the Ethereum node. You can also provide network name (e.g. `goerli`) as the value of this field. In this case, the plugin will either use the URL of the appropriate Ethereum network configuration (from the `networks` section), or the default. `ethers` provider for the network if the configuration is not provided. This field is required for all zkSync networks used by this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ethNetwork` is a field with the URL of the Ethereum node. You can also provide network name (e.g. `goerli`) as the value of this field. In this case, the plugin will either use the URL of the appropriate Ethereum network configuration (from the `networks` section), or the default `ethers` provider for the network if the configuration is not provided. This field is required for all zkSync networks used by this plugin.
```

Author: I modified these descriptions in another section, I just copied/pasted into this section, does the order matter?

Reviewer: it may well matter yes

### Commands

```sh
npx hardhat verify --network <network> <contract address>
```

This command verifies the contract on the given network with the given contract's address. <br/>

> When executed in this manner, the verification task will attempt to compare the compiled bytecode of all the contracts in your local environment with the deployed bytecode of the contract you are seeking to verify. If there is no match, it will report an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executed in this manner, the verification task attempts to compare the compiled bytecode of all the contracts in your local environment with the deployed bytecode of the contract you are seeking to verify. If there is no match, it reports an error.
```

```sh

> npx hardhat verify --network <network> <contract address> --contract <fully qualified name>

Reviewer: Remove.

If your contract was deployed with the specific constructor arguments, you need to specify them when running the verify task. For example:

```sh

> npx hardhat verify --network testnet 0x7cf08341524AAF292255F3ecD435f8EE1a910AbF "Hi there!"

Reviewer: Why are you changing to npx?

Author: Yarn didn't work for me, but npx did.

Include it in the verify function call by adding a new parameter: `--constructor-args arguments.js`:
```sh

> npx hardhat verify --network testnet 0x7cf08341524AAF292288F3ecD435f8EE1a910AbF --constructor-args arguments.js

Reviewer: ?

```

### Verification status check

The verification process consists of two steps: 
- A verification request is sent to confirm if the given parameters for your contract are correct. 
- Then, we check the verification status of that request. 
Both steps run when you run the `verify` task, but you will be able to see your specific verification request ID.
You can then use this ID to check the status of your verification request without running the whole process from the beginning.

The following command checks the status of the verification request for the specific verification ID:
```sh

> npx hardhat verify-status --verification-id <your verification id>

Reviewer: ?
